# prayas
A INTRODUCTION TO PRAYAS
                                                       INTRODUCTION 
As seen there are many platforms available already in the market for eg. Amazon.com is a vast Internet-based enterprise that sells books, music, movies, housewares, electronics, toys, and many other goods, either directly or as the middleman between other retailers and Amazon.com’s millions of customers. Its Web services business includes renting data storage and computing resources, so-called “cloud computing,” over the Internet. Or we can see Facebook, American company offering online social networking services. Facebook was founded in 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg, Eduardo Saverin, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes, all of whom were students at Harvard University. Facebook became the largest social network in the world. And many more the system  PRAYAS is a open platform where we are aligble to donate our secondry  or unused things to  needy peoples with our choice of NGO’s 
With a secured network and certified database of different ngo’s.  basically PRAYAS is developing a open source system which comes under the agenda of helping and showing concerned with the humanities . PRAYAS is developing a system which is child centered,merciful . which surrounds around civilized compassion .   such that an open platform where million or billion of users  can help to the needy ones on just a click away with a secured network ID .where  all other networks lack due to the interface they provide . Prayas can be a widely connected networking platform due to the connections it will form with  NGO's and OLD AGE HOMES. In addition to theories of unemployment, the effects of unemployment within the economic system. Prayas provide employment too.  The delivery executives which take the donations to the desired locations which are later on monitored.   Also With secured network  Prayas will provide the payment gateways to the people with easy transactions. People will be able to donate money to the NGO’S. With full security like other money transaction apps also it allows the users to check the growth of PRAYAS on day to day basis  by  checking  the statistics. A Statistics will be daily maintained according to the transactions which will be happening on the day to day basis. And how much progress it makes because it is for good cause and people will be interested to check the changes or progess they make by showing a little help.  Such that prayas gives an open platform to billion people to give donations to the needy ones .
